Versioned docs (#1628)
wasp-lang/wasp: waspc/README.md

- If you modified ChangeLog.md or waspc.cabal, create a PR, wait for approval and all the checks (CI) to pass, then squash and merge mentioned PR into `main`.
- Update your local repository state to have all remote changes (`git fetch`).
- Update `main` to contain changes from `release` by running `git merge release` while on the `main` branch. Resolve any conflicts.

> - "Freeze"/"Version" the docs by running `npm run docusaurus docs:version {version}` in the [web](/web) dir. Check the README in the `web` dir for more details. Commit this change to `main`.

Author: ```suggestion
- Take a versioned "snapshot" of the current docs by running `npm run docusaurus docs:version {version}` in the [web](/web) dir. Check the README in the `web` dir for more details. Commit this change to `main`.
```
